Updated position-try reference based on PR feedback for #40711 (#40908)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_anchor_positioning/using/index.md

## Positioning elements relative to their anchor

> As we saw above, associating a positioned element with an anchor is not really much use on its own. Our goal is to place the positioned element relative to its associated anchor element. This is done either by setting a [CSS `anchor()` function](#using_inset_properties_with_anchor_function_values) value on an [inset property](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Inset_properties), [specifying a `position-area`](#setting_a_position-area), or centering the positioned element with the [`anchor-center` placement value](#centering_on_the_anchor_using_anchor-center). CSS anchor positioning also provides mechanisms for specifying fallback positions if the default position would cause overflow; see the [Fallback options and conditional hiding](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_anchor_positioning/Try_options_hiding) guide for details.

Author: I see we uses alternative position in some places and fall back. If there is any preference, Please share your review - Happy to update it.

> As we saw above, associating a positioned element with an anchor is not really much use on its own. Our goal is to place the positioned element relative to its associated anchor element. This is done either by setting a [CSS `anchor()` function](#using_inset_properties_with_anchor_function_values) value on an [inset property](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Inset_properties), [specifying a `position-area`](#setting_a_position-area), or centering the positioned element with the [`anchor-center` placement value](#centering_on_the_anchor_using_anchor-center). CSS anchor positioning also provides mechanisms for specifying fallback positions if the default position would cause overflow; see the [Fallback options and conditional hiding](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_anchor_positioning/Try_options_hiding) guide for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we saw above, associating a positioned element with an anchor is not really much use on its own. Our goal is to place the positioned element relative to its associated anchor element. This is done either by setting a [CSS `anchor()` function](#using_inset_properties_with_anchor_function_values) value on an [inset property](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Inset_properties), [specifying a `position-area`](#setting_a_position-area), or centering the positioned element with the [`anchor-center` placement value](#centering_on_the_anchor_using_anchor-center).

> [!NOTE]
> CSS anchor positioning also provides mechanisms for specifying fallback positions if the positioned element's default position causes it to overflow the viewport. See the [Fallback options and conditional hiding](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_anchor_positioning/Try_options_hiding) guide for details.
```

Reviewer: I suggested moving it into its own paragraph, as the existing paragraph was getting a bit long.

I also suggested formatting it as a note, as it is useful info, but it isn't central to the core topic being discussed here. It is more of an aside.
